---
layout: cv
title: Casper Vejdiksen's CV
---
# Casper B. Vejdiksen
Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst, Incident Responder, Detection Engineer.

<div id="webaddress">
<a href="https://twitter.com/_cabve">@_cabve</a>
| <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/casper-cyber-defence-detection-response/">LinkedIn</a>
</div>

## Technical Summary

In possession of an AP in Computer Science and has a technical background in network and system administration, data analytics and cyber security. 

Experienced penetration tester transitioned to cyber defence, specialist in intelligence-driven incident response with focus on threat intelligence. I have a structured and detail oriented mindset towards assignments and a naturally curiosity for the latest in my field always striving to improve my technical skillset.

## Personal Summary

I am a loyal, caring and ambitious person by nature, which make me a terrific colleague. My curiosity makes me great at expanding my skillset. Patient and independent, which let me work well in a team or independendently.

## Working Experience

`January 2019 - Present`
__JN Data__

`August 2020 - Present`
__Incident Response Technical Lead__
- Provided operational leadership and oversight to a diverse team, while personally contributing to the incident response process.
- Provide technical risk analysis and threat briefings to various decision makers to support the network development, management, and the customers.
- Completed necessary process and documentation improvement actions to documentation.

`July 2020 - Present`
__Cyber Defence Center - Service Architect__
- Developed and implemented hunting process for preemptively identifying vulnerabilities within the network and placing analysts on an active defense posture for continuous monitoring of network and host activities.
- Developed and implemented an internal penetration testing / red team unit for identifying vulnerabilities within people, products or processes of the organization.
- Completed processes and documentation improvement actions to refine documentation including incident response process, improve accountability and metrics collection, and enhance information sharing with various partners.

`February 2020 - Present`
__Incident Responder and Cyber Threat Intelligence Analyst__
- Perform rapid, response-focused host forensics on impacted hosts
- Performed forensic analysis of live systems and captured artifacts to enable future operations.
- Performed extensive threat hunting
- Perform extensive malware analysis, resulting in network and host-based signatures for various malware families
- Performed research on adversary infrastructure and tendencies covering both organized crime groups (OCG) and Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) adversaries.

`January 2019 - January 2020`
__Security Consultant__
* Quality assurance
* Risk and security assessments of technical solutions
* Risk assessment of exemptions from security regulations
* Contribute to improving reporting on security related issues
* Involved in internal controls in for security matters
* Participated in carrying out security awareness campaigns
* Security consulting

`December 2020 - Present`
__Nordic Financial CERT, Threat Intelligence Committee Member__
* Discuss threats and attacks of current interest to members to determine if intelligence generated by the Threat Intelligence Committee could add data, intelligence or analytical insight into the threat that can then be shared out.
* Provide post-mortem advice and position statements to the membership on major sector-wide or regional attacks via the regional lists or portal.
* Assess and understand the current threat environment, drive regional Threat Level deliberations.
* Undertake horizon scanning to identify emerging or developing themes and trends and share finished strategic intelligence analysis when appropriate.
* Nominate ad hoc situation reports based upon emerging or horizon threats.
* Published several blog post regarding threat hunting and cyber threat intelligence

`April 2016 - December 2018`
__Deloitte Denmark, Penetration Tester__
* Perform web- and mobileapplication penetration test. 
* Perform infrastructure penetration tests. 
* Perform risk assessment. 
* Quality assurance. 
* Providing technical consultation. 
* Perform vulnerability assessment. 
* Develop testing and automation scripts and procedures. 
* Communicate technical vulnerabilities and remediation steps to developers and management. 
* Work on improvement for provided security services, including continuous enhancement or existing methodology material and supporting assets. 

`October 2015 - April 2016`
__Digicure, Penetration Tester__
* Perform web application and infrastructure penetration tests. 
* Perform vulnerability assessment. 
* Develop testing scripts. 
* Communicate technical vulnerabilities and remediation steps to developers and management. 
* Perform assessment of security awareness training using social engineering. 

`March 2014 - November 2015`
__Nordic Bioscience, IT supporter__
* Provided techincal assistance to co-workers on inbound telephone tech calls. 
* Used remote access to perform troubleshooting when needed. 
* Step-by-step process for troubleshooting hardware issues. 
* Assisted im maintaining company computer systems and network. 
* Completed troubleshooting and repair when computers had problems. 
* Assisted office staff with computer application questions. 

`March 2006 - May 2011`
__Royal Danish Navy, Operation Specialist__
* Interpreted and evaluated tactical situations. 
* Maintained Combat information center tactical and strategic information. 
* Maintained situational awareness.
* Provided command technical information and assistance. 

## Certifications

- GCTI GIAC Cyber Threat Intelligence
- GCFA GIAC Certified Forencis Analyst
- eCPPT eLearnSecurity Certified Professional Penetration Tester
- CEH Certified Ethical Hacker 

## Education
`2016`
- Copenhagen School of Design and Technology, Computer Science

## Training

`2021`
- SEC587: Advanced Open-Source Intelligence (OSINT) Gathering and Analysis
- FOR578: Cyber Threat Intelligence (SANS)

`2020`
- FOR508: Advanced Incident Response, Threat Hunting, and Digital Forensics
- Security Writing (Applied Network Defence)
- Investigation Theory (Applied Network Defence)

`2018`
- Penetration Testing eXtreme (eLearnSecurity) 
- Windows Red Team Lab (Pentester Academy) 
- Windows API Exploitation Recipes: Processes, Tokens and Memory RW (Pentester Academy) 
- Penetration Testing Professional v.4 (eLearnSecurity) 
- Abusing SQL Server Trusts in a Windows Domain (Pentester Academy) 
- Pandas For Pentesters (Pentester Academy) 
- WMI Attacks and Defense (Pentester Academy) 
- Data Science and Machine Learning for Infosec (Pentester Academy) 

`2017`
- Powershell For Pentesters (Pentester Academy) 

`2016`
- Penetration Testing Course – Student v.3 (eLearnSecurity) 
- Certified Ethical Hacker v9 (EC Council)

<!-- ### Footer

Last updated: November 2021 -->


